hello ladies and gentlemen cohan one
here with a tutorial on how to install
custom skins into GTA san andreas once
again here we go with that alright so
there are four things you will basically
need for this the image tool that will
be second link in the description the
skin editor which will be the third link
the I'll give you a link to where I got
my skin which is Sasori from Naruto
because he's awesome and then the first
link will be Cleo library now this is a
nifty little tool that allows you to
easily install mods for any of the grand
theft auto's really basically what
you're going to do is you're going to go
to link and you can either get Cleo 4 or
Cleo 3
I got Cleo 3 just because it seemed to
it more stable and there's more mods for
cleo 3 out than there are for Cleo 4 so
I got Cleo 3 and I installed it and
basically just you can get through the
instructions on that it'll say install
you have to pick your directory your
grant the daughter directory it's just
all that kind of stuff really not that
hard
then you are going to go to the second
link which is the skin selector and you
go here and you click this download
right here and that will give you a raw
called skin or whatever anyways then you
can take that and extract it your
desktop then go get a skin from I don't
know wherever you feel like but I got
mine from graboid net there's tons of
places to get them from anyways after
that just go back and extract it all
your desktop install Cleo then what
you're going to want to do is you're
going to want to go into your image tool
and it'll say failed to say
I don't know if it did that does that
for everyone or if it just does it for
me but click OK we'll open it you go to
file open then you go to your desktop or
to wherever you extract it the skin
folder go into the skin folder skin and
then there's this image tool or there's
this image file IMG file called skin
open that up and then go commands add
and then go once again back your desktop
and to wherever you extracted your skin
to and then you add these the T XD and
the D F F of your skin I also hope we
all added because Ecuador is a beast
anyways so basically do that sorry D FF
and then basically just close that out
next go into your grand theft auto
directory and take this skin folder open
it up go into the Cleo folder in your
grand theft auto san andreas there
should be a Cleo folder now and then
COFF going to your skin folder and copy
this skin IMG and hold ctrl and click
either skin CSS our skin underscore CS
CSS basically put this image file and
then one of these three files in it not
all three just one it's your choice I
don't know what the difference is but
they get if you put all three of them it
causes an error so only put one okay
then after that go back to your skin
folder and then go into data now there
should be a GT a DAT file somewhere
let's see GTA dad you're gonna want to
delete that and replace it with the GT a
DAT file in the skin folder and then
tada
you're done now all you're gonna have to
do is open up GT a hold on
I'll probably skip this part if I don't
but if I don't bear with it but I
probably um start your game as you can
tell I actually just barely got this
game a few weeks ago I had it on my old
hard drive but then we had to reinstall
windows when I didn't copy the saves cuz
I'm really smart like that ok once
you're in game all I have to do is hit
tab and Q or tab and E and you can
switch through the characters as you see
I have Oakley aura
Sasori it's always a beast this is the
default character always add to her I'm
not exactly sure who she is or what
anime she's from but basically that's
how you do it and then you can always
change back to CJ and now you can run
around having fun or nuclear or sodium
like okay you can go outside it's cool
because it has all the animations to
it'll have all the animations that CJ
would normally do like you can jump the
jumping animation is always the same the
running animation it's the same climbing
over fences the exact same all of it so
yeah definitely check out donburi dotnet
me and my friendship G all the server
master we also have a GTA san andreas
server if you'd like to go play it's an
RPG server where you know just do shit
and stuff anyways uh PM me if you want
to join because we need more people on
the server
obviously we play a lot but no one else
seems to play or any much so if you're
interested come join anyways uh thank
you for watching and have a nice day